
### _Assignment 5_

1.  Create a simple Tic-Tac-Toe game.  
  **a.** Create a double array (2 dimensional array) of type char to store the state of the tic-tac-toe board. (Each square has an 'X' and 'O' or is blank).  
  **b.** Use JOptionPane to ask the user to pick a square. The input should be a single digit, “1” for the top left corner, “2” for top center square, “3” for top right square, etc.  
  **c.** Use a loop to keep asking for the next move until the board is filled or until someone has one. You will have to create a way to check if a player won. Make this a separate method. There is a straighforward and thorough way to check and there is a more efficient way. Try to identify both and encode the more efficient way. If the user inputs a square that has already been picked or if it is an invalid entry, the user should be prompted for a different square.  
  **d.** After each move, print out the current state of the board to the console. Call this class _TTT1_ or _TicTacToe1_, if you prefer.  

2.  Create another Tic-Tac-Toe game. This version will be mostly the same as the previous one.  However: In the 1st version, the user submitted moves for both X and O. In this version, the user will only be asked the moves for X. Moves for O will be generated by the program. Before making a move for O, the program should check to see if X could win on its next turn, and if so, O should move to block. (Hint: use the method you created in part 1 to test for a win).  Otherwise, O should pick an available square at random. (Use the random function in class Math.

