### Project 2 - Thread Synchronzation using Semaphores

The project must be done individually without any help.  No exceptions. You are asked to synchronize the two types of threads (Student and Teacher) of the following story using semaphores and operations on semaphores.   Do NOT use busy waiting. Do NOT use synchronized methods (beside the operations on semaphores).   Do NOT use wait( ), notify( ) or notifyAll( ) as monitor methods.  Use the semaphore class and its methods only.  
You should keep the concurrency of the threads as high as possible, however the access to shared structures has to be done in a Mutual Exclusive fashion, using a mutex semaphore.   
Many of the activities can be simulated using sleep(of a random time) method.  
Use appropriate System.out.println( ) statements to reflect the time of each particular action done by a specific thread. This is necessary for us to observe how the synchronization is working.  The number of threads should be read as command line arguments.  Default values: Num_Students = 15; TableCapacity = 4; numTables = 3;  
Submission Requirements similar to project1.   Setting up project/Submission: In Eclipse: 1) Name your project as follows: LASTNAME_FIRSTNAME_CSXXX_PY where LASTNAME is your last name, FIRSTNAME is your first name, XXX is your course, and Y is the current project number.  
To submit: -Right click on your project and click export. -Click on General (expand it) -Select Archive File -Select your project (make sure that .classpath and .project are also selected) -Click Browse, select where you want to save it to and name it as LASTNAME_FIRSTNAME_CSXXX_PY -Select Save in zip format, Create directory structure for files and also Compress the contents of the file should be checked.  -Press Finish and send the resulting file to me.   
CSCI 340, Spring 2015 Instructor: Simina Fluture, PhD  
Students at the Blue College live in dorms.  In the morning, after the student wakes up (it will take a random time) he will head to the bathroom to get ready for a new school day.  If the bathroom is already taken, the student will wait for the bathroom to become available. Students will use the bathroom in a First Come First Serve basis.   
Next, student(s) will move on to the auditorium.  The student(s) will wait for the teacher to arrive and enter the auditorium. If the class is in session the student will leave (use sleep(random time)) and come back later. Once the teacher enters the auditorium, he will signal the waiting students.  The class is now in session, the students that entered the auditorium will wait for the class to end.   
Once having arrived at the school the teacher will teach three classes.  Each class takes a fixed amount of time.  Between any two classes there is a break.  The break between the second and third class is longer (doubled) due to office hours.   
When all three classes end, students and teacher will head on to the cafeteria to have dinner.  Students will sit at the table in groups of TableCapacity.  Initially there are numTables tables available. 
Students group in groups of size TableCapacity.  Once a group is formed if there is an available table the group will occupy the table.  If there is no table available the students of the group will wait until the teacher assigns the next available table. The students leave the table in the order in which they took the table.   
Initially, there are no students at the cafeteria.  
Next, students go back to their dorms.  Once arrived at the dorms the student will terminate.  The last student to arrive at the dorm will let the teacher know that he can terminate as well (use semaphores). 
A daily report with information about what classes and when each student attended throughout the day must be displayed.  Something like: 
Student Name   Total Number of classes taken    Class Name (or number)     
